please create TempMruSpecializationHasCourse model, it will be almost a copy of real MruSpecializationHasCourse model but with only these fields:

we will be using to generate autmatically curriculum for a specialization, then from it we shall be selecting what to copy to real MruSpecializationHasCourse model. 

Create TempMruSpecializationHasCourse Model and Controller: 
analyze all tables and detrmine which table is perfect for representing a MRU student table.
but rememer this table may have some necessary relationships with other tables. so do this process very carefully and with knowledge of our coding standards and best practices.


carefully follow these guidelines in this file: MRU_MODEL_CONTROLLER_GUIDELINES.md

you must first think and understand its meaning and releavant relationships and its purpose


then

We already have a relevant table to serve for this model, Carefully analyze the table structure and relationships, then create a Laravel model named MruFaculty that accurately represents the data.
Ensure it is perfect and error free and follows best practices and our coding standards.
- ensure you specify the correct table name if it does not follow Laravel's naming conventions.
- A Model derived from mru must start with Mru prefix.
- define all necessary relationships with other models based on foreign keys and associations in the database.
- include any relevant scopes or accessors that would be useful for querying or manipulating model's data.
Next, create a corresponding larvel-admin controller following best practices. ensure you re-align the grid and the form to display and manage faculty data effectively.
- include all relevant fields in the grid view, with appropriate filters and sorting options.
- in the form view, ensure all necessary fields are present with proper validation rules.
- implement any custom actions or tools that would enhance the management of model's records.

remove unnecessary computations so the table can be fast in loading.

keep the forms simple, strcitly to collect only that fields that are required. dont use tabs in the form, let the form be just sstraught. no need of help hints.

when done, add the controller in laravel admin routes. ensure it start with mru- and uses the correct naming conventions.

Finally, double-check everything to ensure it is perfect and error-free before finalizing.

add the endpoint to laravel-admin menu uner mru submenu. 

.

 